output_dir\images\1_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\1_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\2_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\2_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\3_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\3_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\4_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\4_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\5_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\5_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\6_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\6_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\7_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\7_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\8_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\8_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\9_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\9_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\10_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\10_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\11_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\11_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\12_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\12_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\13_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\13_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\14_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\14_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\15_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\15_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\16_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\16_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\17_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\17_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\18_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\18_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\19_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\19_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\20_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\20_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\21_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\21_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\22_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\22_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\23_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\23_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\24_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\24_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\25_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\25_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\26_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\26_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\27_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\27_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\28_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\28_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\29_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\29_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\30_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\30_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\31_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\31_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\32_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\32_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\33_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\33_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\34_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\34_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\35_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\35_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\36_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\36_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\37_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\37_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\38_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\38_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\39_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\39_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\40_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\40_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\41_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\41_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\42_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\42_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\43_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\43_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\44_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\44_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\45_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\45_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\46_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\46_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\47_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\47_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\48_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\48_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\49_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\49_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\50_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\50_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\51_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\51_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\52_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\52_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\53_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\53_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\54_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\54_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\55_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\55_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\56_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\56_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\57_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\57_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\58_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\58_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\59_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\59_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\60_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\60_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\61_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\61_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\62_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\62_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\63_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\63_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\64_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\64_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\65_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\65_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\66_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\66_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\67_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\67_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\68_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\68_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\69_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\69_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\70_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\70_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\71_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\71_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\72_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\72_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\73_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\73_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\74_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\74_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\75_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\75_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\76_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\76_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\77_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\77_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\78_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\78_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\79_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\79_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\80_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\80_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\81_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\81_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\82_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\82_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\83_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\83_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\84_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\84_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\85_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\85_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\86_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\86_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\87_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\87_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\88_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\88_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\89_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\89_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\90_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\90_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\91_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\91_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\92_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\92_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\93_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\93_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\94_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\94_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\95_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\95_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\96_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\96_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\97_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\97_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\98_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\98_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\99_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\99_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\100_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\100_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\101_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\101_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\102_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\102_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\103_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\103_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\104_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\104_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\105_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\105_gaussian.xml
output_dir\images\106_gaussian.jpg output_dir\annotations\106_gaussian.xml
